SETUP.md, before:

# Browser MCP Server - Setup Guide

## Prerequisites

- **Node.js 18+** 
- **npm** or **yarn**
- **Git**

## Local Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd playwright-mcp-server
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Install Playwright browsers:**
   ```bash
   npx playwright install chromium
   ```

4. **Build the server:**
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

5. **Start the server:**
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

The server will start on `http://localhost:3000` with:
- **SSE endpoint**: `/sse`  
- **Message endpoint**: `/message`
- **Status page**: `/` (browser-accessible)

## MCP Client Configuration

### Cursor IDE

1. **Open Cursor Settings** (Cmd/Ctrl + ,)

2. **Navigate to Extensions** → **Cursor Tab** → **MCP Servers**

3. **Add new server configuration:**
   ```json
   {
     "browserAutomation": {
       "command": "node",
       "args": ["/path/to/playwright-mcp-server/dist/server.js"],
       "transport": "sse",
       "url": "http://localhost:3000"
     }
   }
   ```

4. **Restart Cursor** to load the MCP server

### Claude Code (CLI Tool)

1. **Install Claude Code CLI:**
   ```bash
   npm install -g @anthropic-ai/claude-code
   ```

2. **Create MCP configuration file:**
   ```bash
   mkdir -p ~/.config/claude-code
   ```

3. **Add server configuration** (`~/.config/claude-code/config.json`):
   ```json
   {
     "mcpServers": {
       "browserAutomation": {
         "command": "node",
         "args": ["/path/to/playwright-mcp-server/dist/server.js"],
         "transport": "sse",
         "url": "http://localhost:3000"
       }
     }
   }
   ```

4. **Usage workflow:**
   ```bash
   # Terminal 1: Start the MCP server
   cd /path/to/playwright-mcp-server  
   npm start
   
   # Terminal 2: Start Claude Code CLI
   claude-code --mcp-config ~/.config/claude-code/config.json
   ```

   **Note:** Keep both terminals running - Claude Code CLI connects to the MCP server via HTTP/SSE.

### Other MCP-Compatible Clients

For any MCP client supporting SSE transport:

- **Server URL**: `http://localhost:3000`
- **SSE Endpoint**: `/sse`
- **Message Endpoint**: `/message`
- **Protocol**: JSON-RPC over SSE

## Development Setup

### Running in Development Mode

```bash
npm run dev
```

This uses `ts-node` for TypeScript compilation on-the-fly.

### Available Scripts

- `npm run build` - Compile TypeScript to JavaScript
- `npm run dev` - Development mode with ts-node
- `npm start` - Run compiled server
- `npm test` - Run tests (if available)

### Configuration Options

The server accepts these environment variables:

- `PORT` - Server port (default: 3000)
- `HOST` - Server host (default: localhost)

## Verification

1. **Check server status:**
   ```bash
   curl http://localhost:3000/
   ```
   Should return HTML status page showing available tools.

2. **Test MCP connection:**
   
   **For Cursor/IDE clients:**
   The server should appear as "browserAutomation" with tools: `navigate`, `screenshot`, `getConsoleLogs`, `click`, `getContent`
   
   **For Claude Code CLI:**
   ```bash
   # Start the MCP server first
   npm start
   
   # In another terminal, start Claude Code
   claude-code --mcp-config ~/.config/claude-code/config.json
   
   # Claude should show available MCP tools on startup
   ```

3. **Test basic functionality:**
   Try asking Claude to navigate to a website and take a screenshot to verify the browser automation works.

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

**Port already in use:**
```bash
lsof -i :3000  # Find process using port 3000
kill -9 <PID>  # Kill the process
```

**Playwright browser not installed:**
```bash
npx playwright install chromium
```

**TypeScript compilation errors:**
```bash
npm run build  # Check for TypeScript errors
```

**MCP client not detecting server:**
- Ensure server is running (`curl http://localhost:3000/`)
- Check client configuration path and syntax
- Restart the MCP client after configuration changes

### Browser Profile

The server creates a persistent browser profile in `./.pw-profile/` to maintain cookies and session data between uses. Delete this directory to reset browser state.

### Logs and Debugging

The server runs in headed mode by default, so you can see the browser window and debug visually. Console output shows server activity and any errors.

## Security Considerations

- Server runs on localhost only by default
- Browser profile is isolated per server instance
- No external network access controls (browser can access any URL)
- Consider firewall rules for production deployments

Commit message:

feat: complete npm package distribution system
- Configure package.json for global npm installation with bin entry
- Add shebang to src/server.ts for global command support
- Create distributable package: playwright-mcp-server-0.1.0.tgz
- Add postinstall script for automatic Chromium installation
- Update README.md with Quick Start and build instructions
- Update SETUP.md with global installation guide
- Ready for one-command install: npm install -g package.tgz
- Global command available: playwright-mcp-server

Complete npm distribution alternative to Docker bundling.

SETUP.md, after:

# Browser MCP Server - Setup Guide

## 🚀 Quick Start (Recommended)

### Global Installation
The easiest way to get started is installing the package globally:

```bash
# Install globally from npm registry (when published)
npm install -g playwright-mcp-server

# Or install from local distribution
npm install -g ./playwright-mcp-server-0.1.0.tgz
```

### Usage
```bash
# Start the server anywhere
playwright-mcp-server
```

**Benefits:**
- ✅ Automatic browser installation
- ✅ Available as system command  
- ✅ No need to clone repository
- ✅ Optimized for AI agent integration

---

## Prerequisites (Development)

- **Node.js 18+** 
- **npm** or **yarn**
- **Git**

## Local Development Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd playwright-mcp-server
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Install Playwright browsers:**
   ```bash
   npx playwright install chromium
   ```

4. **Build the server:**
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

5. **Start the server:**
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

The server will start on `http://localhost:3000` with:
- **SSE endpoint**: `/sse`  
- **Message endpoint**: `/message`
- **Status page**: `/` (browser-accessible)

## MCP Client Configuration

### Cursor IDE

1. **Open Cursor Settings** (Cmd/Ctrl + ,)

2. **Navigate to Extensions** → **Cursor Tab** → **MCP Servers**

3. **Add new server configuration:**
   ```json
   {
     "browserAutomation": {
       "command": "node",
       "args": ["/path/to/playwright-mcp-server/dist/server.js"],
       "transport": "sse",
       "url": "http://localhost:3000"
     }
   }
   ```

4. **Restart Cursor** to load the MCP server

### Claude Code (CLI Tool)

1. **Install Claude Code CLI:**
   ```bash
   npm install -g @anthropic-ai/claude-code
   ```

2. **Create MCP configuration file:**
   ```bash
   mkdir -p ~/.config/claude-code
   ```

3. **Add server configuration** (`~/.config/claude-code/config.json`):
   ```json
   {
     "mcpServers": {
       "browserAutomation": {
         "command": "node",
         "args": ["/path/to/playwright-mcp-server/dist/server.js"],
         "transport": "sse",
         "url": "http://localhost:3000"
       }
     }
   }
   ```

4. **Usage workflow:**
   ```bash
   # Terminal 1: Start the MCP server
   cd /path/to/playwright-mcp-server  
   npm start
   
   # Terminal 2: Start Claude Code CLI
   claude-code --mcp-config ~/.config/claude-code/config.json
   ```

   **Note:** Keep both terminals running - Claude Code CLI connects to the MCP server via HTTP/SSE.

### Other MCP-Compatible Clients

For any MCP client supporting SSE transport:

- **Server URL**: `http://localhost:3000`
- **SSE Endpoint**: `/sse`
- **Message Endpoint**: `/message`
- **Protocol**: JSON-RPC over SSE

## Development Setup

### Running in Development Mode

```bash
npm run dev
```

This uses `ts-node` for TypeScript compilation on-the-fly.

### Available Scripts

- `npm run build` - Compile TypeScript to JavaScript
- `npm run dev` - Development mode with ts-node
- `npm start` - Run compiled server
- `npm test` - Run tests (if available)

### Configuration Options

The server accepts these environment variables:

- `PORT` - Server port (default: 3000)
- `HOST` - Server host (default: localhost)

## Verification

1. **Check server status:**
   ```bash
   curl http://localhost:3000/
   ```
   Should return HTML status page showing available tools.

2. **Test MCP connection:**
   
   **For Cursor/IDE clients:**
   The server should appear as "browserAutomation" with tools: `navigate`, `screenshot`, `getConsoleLogs`, `click`, `getContent`
   
   **For Claude Code CLI:**
   ```bash
   # Start the MCP server first
   npm start
   
   # In another terminal, start Claude Code
   claude-code --mcp-config ~/.config/claude-code/config.json
   
   # Claude should show available MCP tools on startup
   ```

3. **Test basic functionality:**
   Try asking Claude to navigate to a website and take a screenshot to verify the browser automation works.

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

**Port already in use:**
```bash
lsof -i :3000  # Find process using port 3000
kill -9 <PID>  # Kill the process
```

**Playwright browser not installed:**
```bash
npx playwright install chromium
```

**TypeScript compilation errors:**
```bash
npm run build  # Check for TypeScript errors
```

**MCP client not detecting server:**
- Ensure server is running (`curl http://localhost:3000/`)
- Check client configuration path and syntax
- Restart the MCP client after configuration changes

### Browser Profile

The server creates a persistent browser profile in `./.pw-profile/` to maintain cookies and session data between uses. Delete this directory to reset browser state.

### Logs and Debugging

The server runs in headed mode by default, so you can see the browser window and debug visually. Console output shows server activity and any errors.

## Security Considerations

- Server runs on localhost only by default
- Browser profile is isolated per server instance
- No external network access controls (browser can access any URL)
- Consider firewall rules for production deployments
